i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips . 
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
i 've had the player for about 2 years and it performs nicely
for the price it is a well spent investment
i would recommend buying one
incredibe price / performance . 
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 as it gives good performance
this is by far the nicest one , in many ways .  
it 's very sleek looking with a good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
it sure does ! 
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time( cd-r ) ! 
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable . 
at double-speed ( 2x speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth. 
weaknesses are minor
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 
poor quality - problem with dual-layer dvd 's . 
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
apex does n't answer the phone . 
their customer service sucks . 
i am still trying to resolve it from last four months . 
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type
not playing some dvds
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation
I was Probelm with player
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
trouble while starting the player
amazon do not carry this item 
fair said - do not buy . .
I repeat do not waste your money
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
another person who had problem with picture after one use 
The sound qualty is not good.

